Re: Your Case – Welcome Letter from Your Legal Team at SGGH 
 
Dear {{ClientName}},  
 
Your team at {{ReferringAttorney}} has partnered with Stinar Gould Grieco & Hensley to represent you in your Maryland Juvenile Detention Center abuse claim. Having represented hundreds of survivors, we understand and appreciate the bravery it takes to come forward and speak up. We recognize that providing information and details may be triggering and scary, and that the legal process can evoke feelings of stress. Our mission is to make sure that you are taken care of to the best of our abilities moving forward. We are here for you, and anything you share with us is 100% confidential. 
 
The easiest way to reach your legal team at Stinar Gould Grieco & Hensley is to contact Anna Thrush at (312) 728-7444 or?AThrush@SGGHLaw.com.??Anna is the paralegal handling your case and is available to discuss your questions or concerns as needed. She will act as your primary point of contact between you and your attorneys. The attorneys on your legal team are: 
 
Michael Grieco, Esq. -Mike@SGGHLaw.com
Parker Stinar, Esq. - Parker@SGGHLaw.com 
Martin Gould, Esq. -Martin@SGGHLaw.com 
Bryce Hensley, Esq. -Bryce@SGGHLaw.com
Nicholas Wainwright, Esq. -Nicholas@SGGHLaw.com 
 
Attached to this email, you will find the following:? 
 
1. About Us Letter - This letter introduces your team of attorneys and support staff here at SGGH who will be working on your case.? 
2. Questionnaire?– This packet is crucial to our work on your case – it comprises of questions that will assist us in handling your case and includes many questions the opposing attorneys will be asking us about. Kindly answer all the questions thoroughly and with as much detail as possible. ?We have mailed you a physical version of the Questionnaire for you to fill out. However, if you would prefer to fill it out online, please use the link below: 
 
 
 
Communications about your case: This letter, and all communications with your legal team are protected by the attorney-client privilege. To prevent the attorney-client privilege from being breached, do not share our communications with anyone else. Especially in writing or on social media. To facilitate the best outcome for your case, we encourage you to refrain from posting or messaging about any details of your case and subsequent damages with anyone other than members of your legal team. 
 
If anyone contacts you regarding your potential case, we ask that you inform our office immediately and forward their contact information. We will be in touch with you as necessary as we complete our investigation into this matter, and as always, we will keep you advised of any significant developments in your case. We request that you advise us of any changes to your treatment, injuries, or contact information, and forward copies of any relevant documents. 
 
If you are not currently undergoing any counseling, and believe it would be beneficial, we would highly recommend you speak with your primary care physician for a referral. We can also assist you with obtaining counseling, and/or can provide recommendations. 
 
Preservation of Evidence: Please preserve and send to us any evidence including documents, photographs, correspondence, journals, medical records, school records, therapy records, bills, and invoices. Please let us know if you have any questions regarding such evidence.  
 
If you have any questions or concerns at any point during your case, please do not hesitate to reach out to us. We are here to provide you with the guidance and support you need, whenever you need it. Once again, we are honored to represent you in your pursuit towards justice. We look forward to fighting for your rights.  
 
Very Truly Yours, 
 
Your Legal Team at Stinar, Gould, Grieco & Hensley, PLLC 
/s/ Michael Grieco 
/s/ Parker Stinar 
/s/ Martin Gould 
/s/ Bryce Hensley 
/s/ Nicholas Wainwright? 
Stinar?Gould?Grieco & Hensley 
101 N Wacker Drive, Floor M/Suite 100?? 
Chicago, IL 60606?? 
Office: (312) 728-7444? 
Fax: (313) 221-9550?? 
 
This e-mail transmission contains information from Stinar Gould Grieco & Hensley, PLLC which may be confidential or protected by attorney-client privilege. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you must not read this transmission and that any disclosure, copying, printing, distribution, or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail and delete the original transmission. 
 

